DOC-844: Adding ignore-port details (#2027)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: enterprise/server/configure.md

The `allowed-origins` element configures a list of **all** values that can be expected by the server-side components in a HTTP Origin header from your {{site.productname}} instances (see the [Mozilla Developer Network](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Origin) for more information on the HTTP Origin header). In short, you'll need to supply a list of all the URLs that your {{site.productname}} instances will be served from without the path information.

> > **Important:** When the services are matching against the `allowed-origins` list, the `scheme` (e.g. http) and the `port` (e.g. 800) are **ignored** by default. Using the `ephox.allowed-origins.ignore-port` setting can customize this behaviour.

Author: It won't change the scheme behaviour, but it will change the port behaviour. I'm not convinced that is adequately communicated by the sentence I have there, so I'm hoping that you change it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Important:** When the services are matching against the `allowed-origins` list, the `scheme` (e.g. http) and the `port` (e.g. 800) are **ignored** by default. Customize this using [`ephox.allowed-origins.ignore-port`](#allowed-origins.ignore-port) option.
```

Maybe this?

}
```

#### `allowed-origins.ignore-port` (optional)

{% include misc/list_ignore_port_service_versions.md %}

> Disabling `ignore-port` means that the port of the origin **must match** the port of the origin specified in the `allowed-origins` list. This option is set to `true` by default, so the port is ignored.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Setting `ignore-port` to `false` means that the port of the origin **must match** the port of the origin specified in the `allowed-origins` list. This option is set to `true` by default, so the port is ignored.
```

> Setting `ignore-port` to `true` will mean that the port is ignored when checking against the allowed origins. Setting it to `false` will mean that the port must match the origin when checking allowed-origins.

Reviewer 2: We probably don't need this because it's state above

```suggestion
Setting `ignore-port` to `true` will mean that the port is ignored when checking against the allowed origins.
```

Author: Yeah, it seems redundant to me, too. `same-origin` sort of had this pattern, but it was also a lot more complicated to explain.

> Setting `ignore-port` to `false` means that the port of the origin **must match** the port of the origin specified in the `allowed-origins` list. This option is set to `true` by default, so the port is ignored.
> 
> Setting `ignore-port` to `true` will mean that the port is ignored when checking against the allowed origins. Setting it to `false` will mean that the port must match the origin when checking allowed-origins.

Reviewer 3: Not sure if it's technically correct, but this might be a simpler description?
```suggestion
To enforce a port check for the service's `allowed-origins`, set `ignore-port` to `false`. When `ignore-port` is set to false, all `allowed-origins` **must** include the port of the origin.

This option is set to `true` by default, so ports specified in `allowed-origins` are ignored.
```

Author: Seems correct.
